{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl240\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22\par
Item#1\par
Gun\par
Level 1\par
1. Iron + Flame Element\par
2. Iron + Gunpowder\par
3. Iron + Gold\par
4. Iron + SoapBubbleGun\par
5. Iron + Ray Gun\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 1500g\par
Sell: 500g\par
Description:\par
Shoots at enemy, causing minimal damage. Has 6 shots.\par
\par
\par
Item#2\par
Machine Gun\par
Level 1\par
1. Gun + Gunpowder\par
2. Gun + Iron\par
3. Gun + Cartwheel\par
4. Gun + Gold\par
5. Medusa + SoapBubbleGun\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 5500g\par
Sell: 2000g\par
Description:\par
Rapid fire weapon, causing fair damage. Carries lots of bullets.\par
\par
\par
Item#3\par
Bazooka\par
Level 1\par
1. SoapBubble Gun + Machine Gun\par
2. Homing Missile + Small Bomb\par
3. Gun + Rice Ball\par
4. Gun + Large Bomb\par
5. Medusa + Beam Sword\par
6. Medium Bomb + Iron Pipe\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 6000g\par
Sell: 1800g\par
Description:\par
Explosive weapon, causing medium amount of damage. Holds 5(or 6?)  shots. Makes\par
you lose both your powerstones.\par
\par
\par
Item#4\par
Flame Thrower\par
Level 1\par
1. Flame Element + Gun\par
2. Flame Element + Machine Gun\par
3. Fire Bottle + SoapBubble Gun\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 4500g\par
Sell: 800g\par
Description:\par
Burns your enemies, causing a good amount of damage.\par
\par
\par
Item#5\par
Ray Gun\par
Level 1\par
1. Gun + Light Element\par
2. Iron + Light Element\par
3. Beam Gun + Loud Speaker\par
4. Light Element + Scrap\par
5. Gun + Beam Gun\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 6000g\par
Sell: 1500g\par
Description:\par
Rapid hitting weapon, hurting quite a lot if\par
you hit them with every shot.\par
Sometimes makes you lose a powerstone.\par
\par
\par
Item#6\par
SoapBubble Gun\par
Level 2\par
1. Chemical + Light Element\par
2. Rabbit Tail + Machine Gun\par
3. Gun + Tranquilizer Gun\par
4. Gun + Ray Gun\par
5. Chemical + Machine Gun\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 20000g\par
Sell: 400g\par
Description:\par
Makes you go up into a bubble, and being very easy to hit.\par
\par
\par
Item#7\par
Tranquilizer Gun\par
Level 3\par
1. Beam Gun + Chemical\par
2. Medusa + SoapBubble Gun\par
3. Medusa + Chemical\par
4. Gun + Transparentizer\par
5. Arm Gun + Magic Rod\par
6. Chemical + Hamburger\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 70000g\par
Sell: 2000g\par
Description: Makes you dizzy and unable to move for a few seconds.\par
\par
\par
Item#8\par
Homing Missile\par
Level 4\par
1. Bazooka + Arm Gun\par
2. Devil Wing + Fireworks\par
3. 3-Way Shotgun + Fire Cracker\par
4. Arm Gun + Skateboard\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 2000g\par
Description: Hit someone once, and then all other missiles shot at the same\par
target\par
will home on them, causing an medium amount of damage.\par
\par
\par
Item#9\par
3-Way Shotgun\par
Level 2\par
1. Machine Gun + Bazooka\par
2. Machine Gun + Gun\par
3. Beam Gun + Trident\par
4. Machine Gun + Bazooka\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 8500g\par
Sell: 2500g\par
Description: Shoots three bullets which hurt fairly bad if you get hit by all\par
three bullets.\par
Makes you lose your powerstones.\par
\par
\par
Item#10\par
5-Way Shotgun\par
NEED TO BUY TEXT OF SHOTGUN FIRST\par
Level 4\par
1. 3-Way Shotgun + Homing Missile\par
2. Beam Gun Gun\par
4. Ray Gun + SoapBubbleGun\par
5. Ray Gun + 5-Way Shotgun\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 120000g\par
Sell: 15000g\par
Description: Shoots a powerful lazer shot which will make\par
you lose a powerstone.\par
\par
\par
Item#12\par
Powerful Buster\par
Level 6\par
1. Arm Gun + Power Stone Magazine\par
2. Arm Gun + Driver's License\par
3. Arm Gun + Beam Gun\par
4. Gun + Gun + Special card\par
5. Medusa + Adhesive Spray + Special Card\par
6. Adhesive Spray + Thunder Sword\par
Buy: 1200000g\par
Sell: 69000g\par
Description: A weapon from another of Capcom's games: MegaMan.\par
Shoots a powerful blue bullet, which can hurt even more if charged up\par
by holding the shoot button then letting go of the shoot button.\par
\par
\par
Item#13\par
Arm Gun\par
Level 6\par
1. Powerful Buster + Medusa\par
2. Beam Sword + Medusa\par
3. Powerful Buster + Beam Sword\par
4. Gun + Gun + Special card\par
5. SoapBubbleGun + Ray Gun + Special Card\par
6. Machine Gun + Bazooka + Special Card\par
7. 3-Way Shotgun + 3-Way Shotgun + Special Card\par
8. Powerful Buster + Homing Missile\par
Buy: 1500000g\par
Sell: 72000g\par
Description: Shoots a moderately powerful shot that\par
homes on your opponent, causing him to lose a powerstone.\par
\par
\par
Item#14\par
Flame Rod\par
Level 3\par
1. Flame Sword + Magic Stick\par
2. Flame Sword + Ice Rod\par
3. Ice Rod + Fire Bottle\par
4. Flame Thrower + Magic Rod\par
5. Flame Thrower + Mystic Rod\par
6. Flame Thrower + Weird Rod\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 50000g\par
Sell: 6000g\par
Description: Shoots fire in three directions which\par
hurts big time if you hit someone with all three bullets.\par
\par
\par
Item#15\par
Ice Rod\par
Level 2\par
1. Ice Sword + Wood Material\par
2. Spear + Ice Element\par
3. Iron Pipe + Ice Element\par
4. Chemical + Magic Rod\par
5. Chemical + Mystic Rod\par
6. Chemical + Weird Rod\par
Other Ways: Beat the game in difficulty 1?\par
Buy: 30000g\par
Sell: 4000g\par
Description: Shoots an ice bullet which freezes your opponent temporarily into\par
an ice cube.\par
To escape the cube quickly, rotate the control stick as fast as you can.\par
\par
\par
Item#16\par
Thunder Rod\par
Level 5\par
1. Spear + Thunder Element\par
2. Thunder Sword + Typhoon\par
3. Pickaxe + Thunder Element\par
4. Typhoon + Magic Rod\par
5. Typhoon + Mystic Rod\par
6. Typhoon + Weird Rod\par
7. Ice Sword + Wood Material + Special Card\par
8. Umbrella + Magic Material + Special Card\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 12000g\par
Description: Shoots electrical balls which will home on someone and\par
make him electrified and thus unable to move for a while.\par
To escape quickly, rotate the control stick as fast as you can.\par
\par
\par
Item#17\par
Magic Rod\par
Level 2\par
1. Umbrella + Magic Element\par
2. Petrifier + Roast Pork\par
3. Flame Rod + Magic Element\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 25000g\par
Sell: 2000g\par
Description: Turns your opponent into a weird penguin like thing. They can\rquote t\par
move for a while, and if you get hit by this, rotate the control stick as fast\par
as possible to get out of it.\par
\par
\par
Item#18\par
Mystic Rod\par
Level 3\par
1. Cloth + Hamburger\par
2. Weird Rod + Party Hat\par
3. Weird Rod + Loud Speaker\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 45000g\par
Sell:  3000g\par
Description: Turns your opponent into a scarecrow,\par
and then they can't move for a while.\par
To escape from this, rotate the control stick as fast as you can.\par
\par
\par
Item#19\par
Weird Rod\par
Level 4\par
1. Spoon + Rabbit Ear\par
2. Spoon + Rabbit Tail\par
3. Spoon + Rabbit Arm\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 8000g\par
Description: Turns you into a stuffed teddy bear.\par
\par
\par
Item#20\par
Medusa\par
Level 6\par
1. Transparentizer + Deluxe Shield\par
2. Petrifier + Transparentizer\par
3. Dragon Slayer + Deluxe Shield\par
4. Loud Speaker + Fire Bottle + Special Card\par
5. 5-Way Shotgun + Tranquilizer\par
6. 3-Way Shotgun + (Anything) + Special Card\par
Buy: 1250000g\par
Sell: 20000g\par
Description: Shoots a beam at someone,\par
and if it hits someone, they will be petrified\par
and will be unable to move for a while.\par
To escape, rotate the control stick as fast as you can.\par
Also, the medusa can be used as a shield.\line\par
\par
Item#21\par
Loud Speaker\par
Level 1\par
1. Adhesive Spray + Scrap\par
2. Magic Element + Scrap\par
3. Magic Element + Iron\par
4. Fireworks + Trumpet\par
5. SoapBubbleGun + Trumpet\par
6. Battlefield Axe + Trumpet\par
7. Wind-Up Key + Trumpet\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 30000g\par
Sell: 2500g\par
Description: Shoots huge letters which have\par
unlimited range and they hurt a fair amount.\par
\par
\par
Item#22\par
Adhesive Spray\par
Level 4\par
1. Oil + Wedding Cake\par
2. Oil + Medusa\par
3. Stick Bomb + Chemical\par
4. Petrifier + Oil\par
Other Ways: Beat the game in difficulty 6\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 9000g\par
Description: A weak weapon, when you spray\par
someone it makes them flash. I have no idea what\par
this does, it may make it so they can't move as fast\par
or they can't jump as high as normal.\par
\par
\par
Item#23\par
Trumpet\par
Level 3\par
1. Adhesive Spray + Gold\par
2. Loud Speaker + Silk Hat\par
3. Loud Speaker + Party Hat\par
4. Loud Speaker + Gold\par
Buy: 50000g\par
Sell: 4000g\par
Description: Another weak weapon, but it\par
makes your opponent unable to do anything\par
for a while. Rotate the control stick\par
quickly to cure this.\par
\par
\par
Item#24\par
Fire Bottle\par
Level 1\par
1. Oil + Flame Element\par
2. Oil + Flame Sword\par
3. Oil + Flame Thrower\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 4000g\par
Sell: 800g\par
Description: Throw it at someone to set them aflame.\par
If you miss or hit them, the ground near\par
where it hit will have flames.\par
If you touch the flames you will get burnt.\par
\par
\par
Item#25\par
Small Bomb\par
Level 1\par
1. Bazooka + Scrap\par
2. Gunpowder + Punching Gloves\par
3. Gunpowder + Chemical\par
4. Gunpowder + Light Element\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 2000g\par
Sell: 700g\par
Description: A bomb which is weak and\par
makes you lose your powerstones.\par
\par
\par
Item#26\par
Medium Bomb\par
Level 1\par
1. Gunpowder + Rice Ball\par
2. Gunpowder + Banana\par
3. Fire Cracker + Punching Gloves\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 3000g\par
Sell: 900g\par
Description: Same as the Small Bomb,\par
only a little stronger.\par
\par
\par
Item#27\par
Large Bomb\par
Level 1\par
1. Gunpowder + Gigantic Hammer\par
2. Gunpowder + Wedding Cake\par
3. Medium Bomb + Light Element\par
4. Hand Grenade + Small Bomb\par
5. Hand Grenade + Medium Bomb\par
6. Fireworks + Punching Gloves\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 3500g\par
Sell: 1000g\par
Description: Same as all the other bombs,\par
except this is the strongest bomb.\par
\par
\par
Item#28\par
Level 2\par
Leg Weight\par
1. Scrap + Scrap\par
2. Scrap + Gold\par
3. Iron + Cartwheel\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 28000g\par
Sell: 2500g\par
Description: When you throw this at someone and\par
hit him/her with it, they\par
cannot jump very high for a while.\par
\par
\par
Item#29\par
Fire Cracker\par
Level 3\par
1. Gunpowder + Party Hat\par
2. Gunpowder + SoapBubble Gun\par
3. Fireworks + Cheap Umbrella\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 40000g\par
Sell: 3000g\par
Description: When thrown at the ground,\par
the fire cracker goes off\par
and anyone who gets near it will get hurt a little.\par
\par
\par
Item#30\par
Hand Grenade\par
Level 3\par
1. Gunpowder + Flame Element\par
2. Gunpowder + Fire Bottle\par
3. Scrap + Fire Cracker\par
4. Gunpowder + Loud Speaker\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 40000g\par
Sell: 6000g\par
Description: A super version of the bombs.\par
\par
\par
Item#31\par
Iron Pipe\par
Level 1\par
1. Iron + Sword\par
2. Iron + Hammer\par
3. Iron + Cat Tail\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 1200g\par
Sell: 500g\par
Description: A weapon like the sword,\par
and this weapon is fairly powerful.\par
Hitting someone will make them lose a powerstone.\par
\par
\par
Item#32\par
Harisen\par
Level 3\par
1. Banana + Gold\par
2. Banana + Cloth\par
3. Banana + Iron\par
4. Banana + Wood\par
Other Ways: Beat the game in difficulty 1?\par
Buy: 50000g\par
Sell: 1000g\par
Description: A fan that you use to slap someone,\par
and it hurts a moderate amount of damage.\par
\par
\par
Item#33\par
Frozen Tuna\par
Level 4\par
1. Toy Hammer + Umbrella\par
2. Spear + Iron Pipe\par
Other Ways: Beat difficulty 6.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 10000g\par
Description: A huge fish you use like a baseball bat, and it hurts like big\par
time, also if you hit someone with this in arcade or in adventure, you will get\par
gold money for hitting someone with it.\par
Notes: Sometimes you will not get the frozen tuna when you do the mixes above.\par
Remember that.\par
\par
\par
Item#34\par
Metallic Bat\par
Level 3\par
1. Gold + Harisen\par
2. Hammer + Iron Pipe\par
3. Gold + Lumberjack's Axe\par
4. Book of Legends + Iron Pipe\par
5. Power Sword + Gold\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 75000g\par
Sell: 2000g\par
Description: A baseball bat you swing at your opponent, causing a moderate\par
amount of damage.\par
\par
\par
Item#35\par
Big Racket\par
Level 5\par
1. Inline Skate + Powersword\par
2. Skateboard + Inline Skate\par
3. Punching Gloves + Spoon\par
4. Spear + Iron Pipe (sometimes, not always though)\par
5. Book of Legend + Wood Material\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 8000g\par
Description: A tennis racket, if you hit someone with it they will bounce all\par
along the walls like a ping-pong ball.\par
Notes: Sometimes you get this with mix #4, sometimes not.\par
\par
\par
Item#36\par
Magic Stick\par
Level 1\par
1. Wood Material + Gold\par
2. Iron Pipe + Spear\par
3. Iron Pipe + Magic Element\par
4. Mystic Rod + Bamboo Shoot\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 6000g\par
Sell: 3500g\par
Description: A long red stick that extends to hit someone far away. Doesn\rquote t\par
cause too much damage, but does add up since your opponent can\rquote t get away from\par
it very easy.\par
\par
\par
Item#37\par
Lance of Lava\par
Level 6\par
1. Meteor + Deluxe Spear\par
2. Deluxe Spear + Hand Grenade\par
3. Big Racket + Meteor\par
4. Gigantic Hammer + Magical Mallet + Special Card\par
5. Cheap Umbrella + Cheap Umbrella + Special Card\par
6. Legendary Sword + Legendary Sword\par
7. Brave Man\rquote s Axe + Book of Legend\par
8. Flame Element + Deluxe Spear\par
Other Ways: You can get this from Pride as well.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 20000g\par
Description: Probably among the cheapest weapons in the game. Attacking with it\par
will cause fire to rain from the sky on your opponent, and this can be used\par
three times before the lance runs out.\par
\par
\par
Item#38\par
Devil Sickle\par
Level 4\par
1. Spoon + Fork\par
2. Devil Wing + Pickaxe\par
3. Battlefield Axe + Leg Trap\par
4. Devil Wing + Gigantic Hammer\par
Other Ways: You can get this from Pride, too.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 7700g\par
Description: A sickle that you swing to hit someone. Not too painful of a\par
weapon, but you can get people trapped and hit them over and over.\par
\par
\par
Item#39\par
Morning Star\par
Level 5\par
1. Leg Weight + Lance of Lava\par
2. Leg Weight + Gigantic Hammer\par
3. Fork + Gigantic Hammer\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 20000g\par
Description: This weapon is perhaps one of the best weapons. Your character\par
swings the morning star around, and if anyone is near it when you swing it, it\par
will hurt quite a lot.\par
\par
\par
Item#40\par
Sword\par
Level 1\par
1. Shortcake + Gold\par
2. Iron + Scrap\par
3. Iron Pipe + Gold\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 2000g\par
Sell: 400g\par
Description: You can swing this sword,\par
or jump attack with it, causing a little damage.\par
\par
\par
Item#41\par
Power Sword\par
1. Cheap Umbrella + Legendary Sword\par
2. Iron Pipe + Sword\par
3. Sword + Hammer\par
4. Sword + Light Element\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 3000g\par
Sell: 1200g\par
Description: Same as the sword,\par
only this is a little stronger.\par
\par
\par
Item#42\par
Flame Sword\par
Level 3\par
1. Sword + Fire Bottle\par
2. Power Sword + Flame Element\par
3. Iron Pipe + Flame Element\par
4. Flame Thrower + Legendary Sword\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 80000g\par
Sell: 3000g\par
Description: Just like the other swords, but this one\par
burns up your opponent when you hit him.\par
\par
\par
Item#43\par
Ice Sword\par
Level 4\par
1. Frozen Tuna + Gold\par
2. Deluxe Spear + Ice Rod\par
3. Frozen Tuna + Power Sword\par
4. Beam Sword + Ice Element\par
5. Ice Dragon + Power Sword\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 4000g\par
Description: This sword freezes anyone into\par
an ice cube that you hit.\par
\par
\par
Item#44\par
Thunder Sword\par
Level 4\par
1. Metallic Bat + Typhoon\par
2. Thunder Rod + Gold\par
3. Ice Sword + Typhoon\par
4. Thunder Rod + Legendary Sword\par
5. Beam Sword + Thunder Element\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 5000g\par
Description: The thunder sword electrifies your enemies.\par
\par
\par
Item#45\par
Beam Sword\par
NEED TEXT OF BEAM SWORD FIRST!!!\par
Level 5\par
1. Magic Stick + Legendary Sword\par
2. Power Sword + 5-Way Shotgun\par
3. Beam Gun + Spoon\par
4. Dragon Slayer + Toy Hammer\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 35000g\par
Description: This weapon is a lightsaber.\par
When you attack, you swing the sword three times,\par
electrifying anyone you hit.\par
\par
\par
Item#46\par
Dragon Slayer\par
Level 6\par
1. Fire Dragon Element + Emblem of the Brave\par
2. Ice Dragon Element + Book of Legend\par
3. Thunder Dragon Element + Frozen Tuna\par
4. Power Sword + Power Sword + Special Card\par
5. Devil Sickle + Morning Star + Special Card\par
6. Light Stone + Sword\par
7. Thunder Dragon Element + Bracelet\par
8. Legendary Sword + Meteor\par
9. Iron Pipe + Sword + Special Card\par
10. Sword + Hammer + Special Card\par
11. Cheap Umbrella + Legendary Sword + Special Card\par
12. Magic Stick + Trident + Special Card\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 80000g\par
Description: This sword by far is the most powerful. It is three times longer\par
than you, and the range is unbelievable. When you attack, you swing it once\par
then you swing it downward.\par
\par
\par
Item#47\par
Legendary Sword\par
Level 6\par
1. Book of Legend + Brave Man's Axe\par
2. Book of Legend + Dragon Slayer\par
3. Chemical + Power Stone Magazine\par
4. Spoon + Fork + Special Card\par
5. Beam Sword + Iron\par
6. Magical Mallet + Deluxe Spear\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 40000g\par
Description: This sword is probably the second most\par
powerful sword. This sword is a big blue sword, and\par
when you use it, you will restore some of your lost health.\par
\par
\par
Item#48\par
Hammer\par
Level 1\par
1. Wood Material + Sword\par
2. Spoon + Scrap\par
3. Iron + Lumberjack's Axe\par
4. Wood Material + Iron\par
5. Gigantic Hammer + Umbrella\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 3000g\par
Sell: 600g\par
Description: Use this to squish your opponent flat\par
as a pancake, causing medium amount of damage.\par
\par
\par
Item#49\par
Level 2\par
Toy Hammer\par
1. Scrap + Gigantic Hammer\par
2. Rabbit Arm + Hammer\par
3. Hammer + Rabbit Tail\par
4. Fire Cracker + Hammer\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 800g\par
Sell: 200g\par
Description: Same thing as the hammer,\par
only a little weaker.\par
\par
\par
Item#50\par
Pickaxe\par
Level 4\par
1. Powersword + Lumberjack's Axe\par
2. Powersword + Scooter\par
3. Gigantic Hammer + Beehive\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 1500g\par
Description: Just like the devil sickle,\par
except this is a pickaxe.\par
\par
\par
Item#51\par
Magical Mallet\par
NEED TEXT OF MAGIC MALLET FIRST!!!\par
Level 5\par
1. Gigantic Hammer + Gold\par
2. Spoon + Gold\par
3. Pickaxe + Toy Hammer\par
4. Toy Hammer + Gold\par
5. Pickaxe + Magic Element\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 50000g\par
Description: This weapon causes quite a lot of damage,\par
being more powerful than the hammer.\par
Also, in adventure or arcade, this weapon gives you\par
unimaginable amount of money.\par
\par
\par
Item#52\par
Gigantic Hammer\par
Level 5\par
1. Cat Paw + Hammer\par
2. Hammer + Dragon Slayer\par
3. Magical Mallet + Iron\par
4. Morning Star + Hammer\par
5. Brave Man\rquote s Axe + Iron\par
6. Rabbit Paw + Hammer + Special Card\par
7. Rabbit Tail + Hammer + Special Card\par
8. Hammer + Meteor\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 20000g\par
Description: The ultimate hammer, which\par
weighs 100 tons. This hammer is one of the\par
most powerful weapons in the game, and it squashes\par
anyone flat as paper.\par
\par
\par
Item#53\par
Umbrella\par
Level 2\par
1. Cheap Umbrella + Deluxe Umbrella\par
2. Cloth + Sword\par
3. Cloth + Iron Pipe\par
4. Clot + Magic Stick\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 4000g\par
Sell: 2000g\par
Description: A blue umbrella which can be\par
used to hit people. It can also be used to\par
float down slowly.\par
\par
\par
Item#54\par
Deluxe Umbrella\par
NEED TEXT OF DX. UMBRELLA FIRST!!!\par
Level 5\par
1. Umbrella + Gold\par
2. Cloth + Cheap Umbrella\par
3. Cloth + Magic Element\par
4. Umbrella + Power Stone Magazine\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 25000g\par
Description: Same as the umbrella, only this is\par
more complex, and this hurts a little more too.\par
\par
\par
Item#55\par
Cheap Umbrella\par
Level 3\par
1. Metallic Bat + (Anything) + Surprise Card\par
Sometimes you don\rquote t get it, but just keep trying.\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 200g\par
Description: Same as all the other umbrellas, but\par
just as the name says, this is cheaply made and is\par
the weakest umbrella.\par
\par
\par
Item#56\par
Spear\par
Level 3\par
1. Iron + Umbrella\par
2. Trident + Umbrella\par
3. Trident + Scrap\par
4. Magic Stick + Power Sword\par
5. Magic Stick + Trident\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 30000g\par
Sell: 3000g\par
Description: Just like the magic stick, only\par
it is a spear and it may hurt more.\par
\par
\par
Item#57\par
Deluxe Spear\par
NEED TEXT OF DX. SPEAR FIRST!!!\par
Level 5\par
1. Spear + Meteor\par
2. Spear + Stick Bomb\par
3. Frozen Tuna + Spoon.\par
4. Spear + Crown\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 25000g\par
Description: Same as the spear, only more\par
deadly.\par
\par
\par
Item#58\par
Trident\par
Level 2\par
1. Spear + Thumbtack\par
2. Spear + 3-Way Shotgun\par
3. Umbrella + Magic Stick\par
4. Magic Stick + Pickaxe\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 20000g\par
Sell: 2000g\par
Description: When you stab someone with this,\par
they will get pounded along the ground several times.\par
\par
\par
Item#59\par
Deluxe Trident\par
NEED TEXT OF DX. TRIDENT FIRST!!!\par
Level 5\par
1. Crown + Trident\par
2. Wedding Cake + Trident\par
3. Fork + Spear\par
4. Deluxe Spear + Devil Wing\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 25000g\par
Description: Same as the trident,\par
only more powerful.\par
\par
\par
Item#60\par
Fork\par
Level 4\par
1. Shortcake + Spoon\par
2. Shortcake + Ice Sword\par
3. Spoon + Spear\par
4. Devil Sickle + Spoon\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 400g\par
Description: A huge fork that you can hit\par
your enemies with.\par
\par
\par
Item#61\par
Spoon\par
Level 4\par
1. Iron + Fork\par
2. Scrap + Lumberjack's Axe\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 1500g\par
Description: Same as the fork, except this\par
is a spoon\par
\par
\par
Item#62\par
Battlefield Axe\par
Level 2\par
1. Wind-Up Key + Lumberjack's Axe\par
2. Sword + Pickaxe\par
3. Power Sword + Toy Hammer\par
4. Light Element + Victory Axe\par
5. Victory Axe + Wood\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 18000g\par
Sell: 2000g\par
Description: Kind of like the dragon slayer,\par
because the axes are swung\par
horizontally, then vertically.\par
\par
\par
Item#63\par
Victory Axe\par
Level 4\par
1. Battlefield Axe + Lumberjack's Axe\par
2. Umbrella + Toy Hammer\par
3. Battlefield Axe + Scrap\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 25000g\par
Description: Same as battlefield axe,\par
only bigger and more powerful.\par
\par
\par
Item#64\par
Lumberjack's Axe\par
Level 3\par
Beat difficulty 2(or 1?)\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 300g\par
Description: Just like the other axes,\par
but this is the weakest one.\par
\par
\par
Item#65\par
Brave Man's Axe\par
Level 6\par
1. Emblem of the Brave + Bracelet\par
2. Emblem of the Brave + Lumberjack's Axe\par
3. Emblem of the Brave + Dragon Slayer\par
4. Sword + Sword + Special Card\par
5. Legendary Sword + Victory Axe\par
6. Dragon Slayer + Victory Axe\par
7. Magical Mallet + Ice Dragon\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 90000g\par
Description: The most powerful axe; this thing\par
is as big as you are (almost comparable to the\par
size of the dragon slayer), and it has two blades.\par
\par
\par
Item#66\par
Skateboard\par
Level 2\par
1. Wind-Up Key + Inline Skate\par
2. Cartwheel + Big Racket\par
3. Cartwheel + Wood Material (you get three!!!)\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 25000g\par
Sell: 3000g\par
Description: Riding on this allows you to move\par
fast and you can hit anyone by just pressing the\par
attack button when you are near someone.\par
\par
\par
Item#67\par
Inline Skate\par
Level 3\par
1. Cat Paw + Rabbit Paw\par
2. Plaster + Skateboard\par
3. Shoe of Achilles + Cartwheel\par
4. Rabbit Paw + Cartwheel\par
5. Ice Sword + Shortcake + Profit Card\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 40000g\par
Sell: 5000g\par
Description: Kind of like the skateboard, but\par
these are skates.\par
\par
\par
Item#68\par
Scooter\par
Level 6\par
1. Driver's License + Cartwheel\par
2. Inline Skate + Dragon Slayer\par
3. Driver's License + Skateboard\par
4. Angel Wing + In-Line Skate\par
5. Skateboard + Skateboard + Special Card\par
6. Inline Skate + Inline Skate + Special Card\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 80000g\par
Description: Basically a super version\par
of the skateboard, just run into someone to hurt\par
him.\par
\par
\par
Item#69\par
Apple\par
Level 1\par
Other Ways: Combine a food card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get food cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: 2000g\par
Sell: 1000g\par
Description: Restores some health.\par
\par
\par
Item#70\par
Shortcake\par
Level 1\par
1. Hamburger + Party Hat\par
2. Scrap + Wedding Cake\par
3. Rabbit Arm + Cheese\par
4. Wedding Cake + Ray Gun (2 Shortcakes)\par
Other Ways: Combine a food card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get food cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: 6000g\par
Sell: 1000g\par
Description: Restores some health.\par
\par
\par
Item#71\par
Meat\par
Level 1\par
1. Panther + Sword\par
2. Roast Pork + Sword\par
3. Roast Pork + Power Sword\par
4. Dragon Slayer + Fire Dragon\par
5. Dragon Slayer + Ice Dragon\par
6. Dragon Slayer + Thunder Dragon\par
Other Ways: Combine a food card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get food cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: 7000g\par
Sell: 2000g\par
Description: Restores a medium amount\par
of health.\par
\par
\par
Item#72\par
Rice Ball\par
Level 2\par
1. Frozen Tuna + Flame Rod\par
Other Ways: Combine a food card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get food cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: 10000g\par
Sell: 200g\par
Description: Restores some health.\par
\par
\par
Item#73\par
Banana\par
Level 2\par
1. Meat + Apple\par
2. Apple + Rice Ball\par
3. Harisen + Lance of Lava\par
Other Ways: Combine a food card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get food cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: 600g\par
Sell: 300g\par
Description: Restores some health.\par
\par
\par
Item#74\par
Hamburger\par
Level 2\par
1. Roast Chicken + Rice Ball\par
2. Roast Chicken + Short Cake\par
3. Roast Pork + Fireworks\par
4. Frozen Tuna + Flame Sword\par
5. Rice Ball + Gunpowder + Food Card\par
Other Ways: Combine a food card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get food cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: 700g\par
Sell: 400g\par
Description: Restores some health.\par
\par
\par
Item#75\par
Cheese\par
Level 2\par
Combine a food card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get food cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 12000g\par
Sell: 1000g\par
Description: Restores some health.\par
\par
\par
Item#76\par
Roast Chicken\par
Level 4\par
1. Spoon + Roast Pork\par
2. Fork + Roast Pork\par
3. Panther + Powersword\par
Other Ways: Combine a food card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get food cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 3000g\par
Description: Restores a fair amount\par
of health.\par
\par
\par
Item#77\par
Roast Pork\par
Level 5\par
1. Roast Chicken + Cheese\par
2. Fire Dragon + Hamburger\par
Other Ways: Combine a food card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get food cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: 400000g\par
Sell: 15000g\par
Description: Restores a fair amount\par
of health.\par
\par
\par
Item#78\par
Wedding Cake\par
Level 5\par
1. Rabbit Tail + Shortcake\par
2. Shortcake + Roast Pork\par
3. Roast Pork + Party Hat\par
4. Roast Pork + Petrifier\par
5. 5-Way Shotgun + Shortcake\par
6. Shortcake + (Anything) + Special Card\par
Other Ways: Combine a food card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get food cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 30000g\par
Description: Restores quite a lot\par
of health.\par
\par
\par
Item#79\par
Angel Wing\par
Level 5\par
1. Angel Ring + Wedding Cake\par
2. Angel Ring + Party Hat\par
3. Angel Ring + Deluxe Umbrella\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 20000g\par
Description: Same as devil wing, except\par
you can glide downward with this.\par
\par
\par
Item#80\par
Devil Wing\par
Level 6\par
1. Angel Wing + Lance of Lava\par
2. Devil Sickle + Devil Tail\par
3. Devil Sickle + Shoe of Achilles\par
4. Angel Wing + Apple\par
5. Petrifier + Transparentizer\par
6. Fire Dragon + (Anything) + Special Card\par
7. Thunder Dragon + (Anything) + Special Card\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 7700g\par
Description: Allows you to fly for a\par
while in the air.\par
\par
\par
Item#81\par
Level 1\par
Power Shield\par
1. Gold + Magic Element\par
2. Gold + Light Element\par
3. Deluxe Shield + Cheap Umbrella\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 3000g\par
Sell: 1500g\par
Description: Defends against all attacks but throws\par
for a while.\par
\par
\par
Item#82\par
Deluxe Shield\par
NEED TEXT OF DX. SHIELD FIRST!!!\par
Level 5\par
1. Power Shield + Meteor\par
2. Power Shield + Deluxe Trident\par
3. Power Shield + Gold\par
4. Power Shield + Crown\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 25000g\par
Description: Defends against all attacks,\par
including throws.\par
\par
\par
Item#83\par
Petrifier\par
Level 3\par
1. Medusa + Arm Gun\par
2. Plaster + Chemical\par
3. Oil + Light Element\par
4. Chemical + Oil\par
5. Chemical + Spoon\par
6. Chemical + Apple\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 90000g\par
Sell: 6000g\par
Description: Drink it to make yourself invincible\par
for a while, or throw it at someone to make them\par
unable to move for a while.\par
\par
\par
Item#84\par
Transparentizer\par
NEED TEXT OF TRANSPARENT FIRST!!!\par
Level 6\par
1. Petrifier + Medusa\par
2. Petrifier + Devil Tail\par
3. Petrifier + Exciting Book\par
4. Devil Wing + (Anything) + Special Card\par
5. Angel Wing + (Anything) + Special Card\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 40000g\par
Description: Drink this to become invisible for\par
a while.\par
\par
\par
Item#85\par
Kitten\par
Level 2\par
1. Cat Tail + Cat Ear\par
2. Cat Tail + Cat Arm\par
3. Cat Tail + Cat Paw\par
4. Flower + Panther\par
5. Toy Hammer + Panther\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 120000g\par
Sell: 8000g\par
Description: This little creature roams around\par
attacking anything that tries to hurt you.\par
\par
\par
Item#86\par
Panther\par
Level 4\par
1. Kitten + Cat Tail\par
2. Kitten + Cat Ear\par
3. Kitten + Cat Arm\par
4. Kitten + Leg Trap\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 25000g\par
Description: Same as the kitten, only a\par
lot more powerful.\par
\par
\par
Item#87\par
Fire Dragon\par
Level 4\par
1. Fire Dragon Element + Panther\par
2. Fire Dragon Element + Roast Pork\par
3. Fire Dragon Element + Dragon Slayer\par
4. Fire Dragon Element + Fire Element\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 35000g\par
Description: This dragon flies around shooting fire\par
at your enemies, burning them.\par
\par
\par
Item#88\par
Ice Dragon\par
Level 5\par
1. Ice Dragon Element + Roast Pork\par
2. Ice Dragon Element + Dragon Slayer\par
3. Devil Wing + Roast Chicken\par
4. Ice Dragon Element + Ice Element\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 45000g\par
Description: This dragon flies around shooting ice\par
at anyone, freezing them into an ice cube.\par
\par
\par
Item#89\par
Thunder Dragon\par
Level 6\par
1. Thunder Dragon Element + Roast Pork\par
2. Thunder Dragon Element + Light Element\par
3. Thunder Dragon Element + Dragon Slayer\par
4. Thunder Dragon Element + Thunder Element\par
5. Angel Wing + Transparentizer\par
6. Transparentizer + Gun\par
7. Emperor\rquote s Crown + (Anything) + Special Card?\par
8. Ice Dragon + (Anything) + Special Card\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 55000g\par
Description: This dragon flies around shooting thunder\par
balls, electrifying anyone who gets hit by them.\par
\par
\par
Item#90\par
Bamboo Shoot\par
Level 6\par
1. Leg Weight + Iron Pipe + Special Card                                  2.\par
Power Stone Magazine + Arm Gun + Special Card                                  \par
        3. Power Stone Magazine + Power Stone Magazine + Special Card \line Other\par
Ways: Get from the roulette.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 10000g\par
Description: Touching this item makes a pole\par
sprout out from the ground.\par
\par
\par
Item#91\par
Thumbtack\par
Level 4\par
1. Gold + Leg Trap\par
2. Metallic Bat + Leg Weight\par
3. Trap Element + Spear\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 200g\par
Description: Throw this at the ground as a trap;\par
if anyone touches it, they will be unable to move\par
for a while.\par
\par
\par
Item#92\par
Leg Trap\par
Level 2\par
1. Trap Element + Panther\par
2. Iron + Thumbtack\par
3. Bracelet + Thumbtack\par
4. Battlefield Axe + Trap Element\par
5. Leg Weight + Trap Element\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 3500g\par
Sell: 2000g\par
Description: Throw this at the ground as a trap;\par
if anyone touches it, they will be unable to move\par
for a while.\par
\par
\par
Item#93\par
Pitfall Hoop\par
NEED TEXT OF PITFALL FIRST!!!\par
Level 5\par
1. Trap Element + Bracelet\par
2. Thumbtack + Magic Element\par
3. Trap Element + Leg Trap\par
4. Angel Ring + Devil Wing\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 10000g\par
Description: Throw this at the ground. Then, if\par
anyone touches it, the will fall in and disappear and\par
then reappear back out.\par
\par
\par
Item#94\par
Beehive\par
Level 5\par
1. Oil + Shortcake\par
2. Trap Element + Wedding Cake\par
3. Gold + Apple\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 25000g\par
Description: When this is thrown, bees come out\par
near the hive and attack anyone who goes near it.\par
\par
\par
Item#95\par
Stick Bomb\par
NEED TEXT OF STICK BOMB FIRST\par
Level 4\par
1. Gunpowder + Harisen\par
2. Tranquilizer Gun + Hand Grenade\par
3. Flame Rod + Adhesive Spray\par
4. Leg Weight + Large Bomb\par
5. Adhesive Spray + Fire Bottle\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 6000g\par
Description: A bomb that looks like a watch;\par
when thrown at someone, it will stick for a\par
while then explode. If it misses, it will blow up\par
as soon as it hits the ground.\par
\par
\par
Item#96\par
Typhoon\par
Level 3\par
1. Devil Wing + Big Racket\par
2. Light Element + Trap Element\par
3. Thunder Sword + Adhesive Spray\par
4. Ice Element + Thunder Element\par
5. Light Element + Thunder Element\par
6. Ice Sword + Shortcake + Profit Card\par
7. Lance of Lava + Thunder Element\par
Other Ways: Beat difficulty 4.\par
Buy: 40000g\par
Sell: 6000g\par
Description: When this twister is thrown at\par
the ground, several others will appear and\par
hurt anyone who comes near.\par
\par
\par
Item#97\par
Fireworks\par
Level 3\par
1. Fire Cracker + Party Hat\par
2. Fire Cracker + SoapBubble Gun\par
3. Hand Grenade + Gunpowder\par
4. Weird Rod + Fire Cracker\par
Other Ways: Beat difficulty 4.\par
Buy: 65000g\par
Sell: 5000g\par
Description: After this is placed on the ground,\par
fireworks will come and hit anyone near them.\par
\par
\par
Item#98\par
Meteor\par
Level 6\par
1. Stick Bomb + Hand Grenade\par
2. Fire Dragon + Iron\par
3. Lance of Lava + Fire Cracker\par
4. Pitfall Hoop + Oil\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 40000g\par
Description: When thrown, meteors will fall\par
from the sky where you threw the meteor, and\par
hurt anyone near there.\par
\par
\par
Item#99\par
Exciting Book\par
Level 7\par
1. Emperor\rquote s Crown + (Anything) + Surprise Card\par
Received from Pride.\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 20000g\par
Description: A book that can be thrown at someone\par
and be used for mixing.\par
\par
\par
Item#100\par
Power Stone Magazine\par
Level 6\par
1. Lance of Lava + Book of Legend\par
2. Lance of Lava + Emblem of the Brave\par
3. Lance of Lava + Exciting Book\par
4. Small Bomb + Small Bomb + Special Card\par
5. Bamboo Shoot + (Anything) + Special Card\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 100000g\par
Description: A magazine that can be thrown at someone\par
and be used for mixing.\par
\par
\par
Item#101\par
Rabbit Ear\par
Level 4\par
1. Silk Hat + Rabbit Paw\par
Other Ways: Combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 4000g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. Just as the\par
name suggests, these are large rabbit ears your character\par
can wear.\par
\par
\par
Item#102\par
Cat Ear\par
Level 5\par
1. Cat Tail + Silk Hat\par
2. Cat Arm + Silk Hat\par
3. Cat Paw + Silk Hat\par
Other Ways: Combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Also can be gotten from the roulette.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 5000g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. Big cat\par
ears.\par
\par
\par
Item#103\par
Crown\par
Level 6\par
1. Emperor's Crown + Cloth\par
2. Emperor's Crown + Light Element\par
3. Emperor's Crown + Gold\par
4. Bracelet + (Anything) + Special Card\par
5. Wind-Up Key + (Anything) + Special Card\par
Other Ways: Talk to Mel, then select "chitchat" and she will give one.\par
From now on, whenever you get 1st place in arcade mode go to Mel and\par
chitchat and you will get another crown. (I actually am not sure this really\par
works, I have beaten the high score and I never got another crown this way, but\par
go ahead and try it.)\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 100000g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. This is a red\par
crown, and it looks really cool.\par
\par
\par
Item#104\par
Silk Hat\par
Level 5\par
1. Cloth + Party Hat\par
Other Ways: Combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 8000g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. An interesting\par
looking hat, it is rather large and black.\par
\par
\par
Item#105\par
Straw Hat\par
Level 3\par
1. Ice Sword + Shortcake + Profit Card\par
Other Ways Combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: 120000g\par
Sell: 5000g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. This hat\par
is a big hat made out of straw.\par
\par
\par
Item#106\par
Party Hat\par
Level 4\par
1. Crown + Transparentizer (Gives you three party hats!)\par
2. Exciting Book + Silk Hat\par
3. Hamburger + Silk Hat\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 4000g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. Just as it\rquote s\par
called, this hat looks like a cone and has lots of decorations\par
on it.\par
\par
\par
Item#107\par
Flower\par
Level 3\par
Other Ways: Buy from Mel, receive from Pride, or get it through the roulette,\par
or combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: 3000g\par
Sell: 100g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. A red flower\par
that is placed on your head.\par
\par
\par
Item#108\par
Emperor's Crown\par
Level 7\par
Buy from Mel for 20000000g.\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: 20000000g\par
Sell: 1000000g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. Probably\par
the coolest looking clothing item, it is like a golden\par
tiera and has wings on it.\par
\par
\par
Item#109\par
Rabbit Arm\par
Level 4\par
1. Arm Gun + Rabbit Paw\par
2. Powerful Buster + Rabbit Ear\par
Other Ways: Combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 4000g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. The arm\par
of a rabbit.\par
\par
\par
Item#110\par
Cat Arm\par
Level 5\par
1. Cat Paw + Arm Gun\par
Other Ways: Combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Also can be gotten from the roulette.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 75000g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. This is an arm\par
of a cat.\par
\par
\par
Item#111\par
Bracelet\par
Level 6\par
1. Crown + (Anything) + Special Card\par
2. Shoes of Achilles + Cartwheel\par
3. Flower + (Anything) + Special Card\par
Other Ways: Combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Or, get this from Pride. Combine a Crown and anything else with special card.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 3000g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. Probably\par
the best hand item to put on, this is a black bracelet\par
with spikes on it.\par
\par
\par
Item#112\par
Punching Gloves\par
Level 3\par
1. Rabbit Arm + Cat Arm\par
2. Arm Gun + Stick Bomb\par
3. Hand Grenade + Rabbit Arm\par
4. Book of Legend + Cat Arm\par
Other Ways: Combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: 65000g\par
Sell: 4000\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. These are\par
big red punching gloves.\par
\par
\par
Item#113\par
Rabbit Tail\par
Level 4\par
Other Ways: Combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 4000g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. This item is\par
the tail of a rabbit.\par
\par
\par
Item#114\par
Cat Tail\par
Level 5\par
Other Ways: Combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Also can be gotten from the roulette.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 10000g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. This here\par
is the tail of a cat.\par
\par
\par
Item#115\par
Devil Tail\par
Level 5\par
Combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Other Ways:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 2500g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. The longest\par
and probably coolest tail, this has a spike at the end.\par
\par
\par
Item#116\par
Wind-Up Key\par
Level 4\par
1. 5-Way Shotgun + Scrap\par
2. Scooter + Spoon\par
3. Cartwheel + Spoon\par
Other Ways: Combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Also can be gotten from the roulette.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 4000g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. A funny\par
item to put on, this is a huge key.\par
\par
\par
Item#117\par
Rabbit Paw\par
Level 4\par
1. Rabbit Arm + Shoe of Achilles\par
2. Rabbit Arm + Inline Skate\par
3. Rabbit Ear + Plaster\par
Other Ways: Combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 3000g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. A large\par
rabbit paw.\par
\par
\par
Item#118\par
Cat Paw\par
Level 5\par
1. Shoe of Achilles + Cat Arm\par
2. Inline Skate + Cat Arm\par
3. Plaster + Cat Ear\par
Other Ways: Combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 7000g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. A large\par
cat paw.\par
\par
\par
Item#119\par
Shoe of Achilles\par
Level 4\par
1. Emperor's Crown + Plaster\par
2. Angel Wing + Plaster\par
3. Angel Wing + Cloth\par
Other Ways: Combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 12000g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. This is cool.\par
A big red shoe with wings on them.\par
\par
\par
Item#120\par
Plaster\par
Level 3\par
1. Medusa + Shoe of Achilles\par
2. Medusa + Inline Skate\par
3. Inline Skate + Petrifier\par
Other Ways: Combine a dress-up card into any mix(does not matter).\par
Get dress-up cards from the roulette or buy them from Mel.\par
Buy: 30000g\par
Sell: 800g\par
Description: An item used to dress up your character.\par
To do this, put a mini book on your VMU. Now go to the\par
shop and try on your clothing items you have. This makes your\par
foot look like it got bandaged.\par
\par
\par
Item#121\par
Light Stone\par
Level 7\par
Received from Pride. I think but am not sure, that\par
being able to buy everything (including the Emperor\rquote s Crown\par
makes it easier to get this present from Pride. I had tried\par
for weeks and never got it, but in the same day the Emperor\rquote s Crown\par
was up for sale I got the Light Stone from Pride. Perhaps just a\par
coincidence, but you never know.\par
Other Ways: Beat difficulty 8?\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 100000g\par
Description: When this item is touched, it puts\par
random clothing on your character.\par
\par
\par
^*-^*-^*-^*-^*-^*-^*-^*-^*-^*-^*-^*-^*-^*-^*-^*-^*-^*-^*-^*-\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
============================================\par
#  II. B  Other Items and Notes            #\par
============================================\par
\par
\par
Get these texts from the roulette, or some of them you can buy from Mel. To\par
play roulette, you need three coupons. To get a coupon, just do a mix that\par
always fails. Mel will give a coupon. When you have three, press the "talk"\par
button and then press the "roulette" button. If you don't see a good item, just\par
press the "B" button and go in the game again until you see a good item. When\par
you see an item you want, figure out what color the segment is that will give\par
you the good item. Now, to make the odds higher hold "A" while moving the\par
control stick. You can extend it to 12 sections for 60,000g which makes it ALOT\par
easier to win. When you get a text, press the "talk" button then press the\par
"present" button and finally select the text and press the "A" button and now\par
the mixes for that weapon will work.\par
\par
\par
\par
About these "beat difficulty 1" and such. To get these, you have to beat the\par
game very fast, shouldn't be tough, just don't waste time. I usually get them\par
so you shouldn't have a hard time getting them. Now difficulty 8 might be\par
another story... I can only beat the first level in this difficulty, and I can\par
only get to the final boss in difficulty 7 so I don't know what that gives you.\par
People that can beat these difficulties please email me and tell me what you\par
get so I can put them in this faq and you will be credited.\par
\par
\par
Horror Book:\par
Give to Mel as a present to get a horror card.\par
Buy: 400g\par
Sell: 400g\par
\par
\par
Bouquet\par
Give to Mel as a present to get an affection card.\par
Buy: 3000g\par
Sell: 500g\par
\par
\par
Jack-In-The-Box\par
Give to Mel as a present to get a surprise card.\par
Buy: 5000g\par
Sell: 400g\par
\par
\par
============================================\par
#  III.   Texts                            #\par
============================================\par
\par
        Here is a list of texts. To get texts, buy them from Mel or win them\par
from the roulette. Give them to Mel as a present so you can now make the item.\par
Some texts can also be gotten from Pride. Only three of the texts can be\par
bought, however.\par
\par
Text of Beam Sword:\par
Won from the roulette.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 10000g\par
\par
Text of Deluxe Shield:\par
Won from the roulette.\par
Buy: 200000g\par
Sell: 30000g\par
\par
Text of Deluxe Umbrella:\par
Won from the roulette.\par
Buy: 200000g\par
Sell: 10000g\par
\par
Text of Shotgun:\par
Won from the roulette.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 20000g\par
\par
Text of Deluxe Spear:\par
Won from the roulette.\par
Buy: 300000g\par
Sell: 15000g\par
\par
Text of Deluxe Trident:\par
Won from the roulette.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 25000g\par
\par
Text of Transparent:\par
Won from the roulette.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 1000g\par
\par
Text of Stick Bomb:\par
Won from the roulette.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 6000g\par
\par
Text of Magical Mallet:\par
Won from the roulette.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 30000g\par
\par
Text of Pitfall:\par
Creates Pitfall Hoop.\par
Won from the roulette.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 20000g\par
\par
\par
=============================\par
#  IV. Essences/Materials   #\par
=============================\par
\par
These cards are used for mixing, and can be found in the game and bought.\par
Here are some ways to get them.\par
\par
1. Sometimes in adventure enemies will drop them.\par
\par
2. Cards sometimes are found in pots that have been broken.\par
\par
3. Some hidden areas hold lots of cards. In the sky arena, after you fall down\par
into a new area go up into the water. There you will find TONS of cards. Also,\par
in the elevator stage, break the glass in the beginning to find some cards.\par
\par
4. Also note that you cannot get stuff like fire dragon elemental cards and\par
angel rings in the levels, they must be bought or received from Pride.\par
\par
\par
<><><><><><><><><><>\par
\par
Light elemental card\par
Buy: 10000g\par
Sell: 800g\par
\par
Flame elemental card\par
Buy: 10000g\par
Sell: 800g\par
\par
Ice elemental card\par
Buy: 10000g\par
Sell: 800g\par
\par
Thunder elemental card\par
Buy: 10000g\par
Sell: 800g\par
\par
Trap elemental card:\par
Buy: 10000g\par
Sell: 800g\par
\par
Magic elemental card\par
Buy: 10000g\par
Sell: 800g\par
\par
Gold:\par
Buy: 10000g\par
Sell: 800g\par
\par
Iron\par
Buy: 10000g\par
Sell: 800g\par
\par
Oil\par
Buy: 10000g\par
Sell: 800g\par
\par
Cartwheel\par
Buy: 10000g\par
Sell: 800g\par
\par
Cloth\par
Buy: 10000g\par
Sell: 800g\par
\par
Gunpowder\par
Buy: 10000g\par
Sell: 800g\par
\par
Wood Material\par
Buy: 10000g\par
Sell: 800g\par
\par
Scrap:\par
Description:\par
Generally makes a random item come out of a mix.\par
Buy: 10000g\par
Sell: 800g\par
\par
Food Card:\par
Description:\par
Makes a random food item come out of any mix; get this card from Mel by giving\par
her a food item as a present, or play the roulette.\par
Buy:  N/A\par
Sell: 1000g\par
\par
Dress-up card:\par
Description:\par
Makes a random clothing item come out of any mix                  (except you\par
can't get the crown or the Emperor's Crown\par
this way at least not too my knowledge).\par
Receive from Pride or get it from the roulette.\par
Buy: 120000g\par
Sell: 10000g\par
\par
Affection card:\par
Description:\par
Used to make mixes successful.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 1000g\par
\par
Retry card:\par
Allows you to retry a mix if it fails.\par
Buy:  80000g\par
Sell: 8000g\par
\par
Horror card:\par
Description:\par
Used to make all mixes fail; I don't know\par
what the point of this is but to get it give\par
Mel a horror book. Get horror books from the roulette.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 1000g\par
\par
Surprise Card:\par
Description:\par
Makes a random item come out of a mix.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 1000g\par
\par
Profit Card:\par
Description:\par
Makes three random items come out of a mix.\par
Buy: 100000g\par
Sell: 2000g\par
\par
Copy Card:\par
Description:\par
Makes a copy of an item.\par
Buy:  200000g\par
Sell: 5000g\par
\par
Special Card:\par
Description:\par
Just as it says, when you add this card to a mix\par
it makes a "special" item, meaning that if you\par
mix this generally a cool item will come out of the mix,\par
sometimes stuff like a dragon slayer! Experiment and have\par
fun with this card... Get it through roulette\par
(or sometimes from Pride?)\par
All items that come out of a mix with this\par
card are level 6 items.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 40000g\par
\par
Flame Dragon Elemental:\par
Description:\par
Used to make a fire dragon.\par
Received from Pride or won from the roulette,\par
and bought from Mel.\par
Buy:  400000g\par
Sell:  50000g\par
\par
Ice Dragon Elemental:\par
Received from Pride or won from the roulette,\par
and bought from Mel.\par
Buy:  500000g\par
Sell: 60000g\par
\par
Thunder Dragon Elemental:\par
Received from Pride or won from the roulette.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 70000g\par
\par
Book of Legend:\par
Get it from the roulette, or from Pride.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 75000g\par
\par
Emblem of the Brave:\par
Get it from the roulette, or from Pride\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 50000g\par
\par
Driver's License:\par
Received from the roulette or from Pride.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 20000g\par
\par
Angel Ring:\par
Description:\par
This is used to make the angel wing.\par
Received from Pride.\par
Also this is won from the roulette.\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 35000g\par
\par
<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>\par
\par
\par
===================\par
#  V.  Catalogs   #\par
===================\par
\par
Item Catalog 1:\par
Buy: 10000g\par
Sell: 2000g\par
\par
\par
Item Catalog 2:\par
Buy: 20000g\par
Sell: 3000g\par
\par
\par
Item Catalog 3:\par
Buy: 30000g\par
Sell: 4000g\par
\par
\par
Item Catalog 4:\par
Buy: 40000g\par
Sell: 7000g\par
\par
\par
Item Catalog 5:\par
Buy: 50000g\par
Sell: 8000g\par
\par
\par
Rare Item Catalog:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 20000g\par
Get the rare item catalog from Pride.\par
\par
\par
Material Catalog:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 1000g\par
Get the material catalog from Pride.\par
\par
\par
Essence Catalog:\par
Buy: N/A\par
Sell: 1000g\par
Get the essence catalog from Pride.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
=====================\par
#   VI.  Credits    #\par
=====================\par
\par
Thanks to:\par
\par
1. Vib Rib for most of the item list. Thank goodness so much for his list, it\par
saved me so much time, but that does not mean I didn\rquote t put a lot of work into\par
this faq.\par
2. Victini for showing another way to get the crown (not the emperor\rquote s crown)\par
and the bracelet. Also, he showed me many other mixes. Still\par
waiting for him to give me a mix for the exciting book though! If you\par
can, try and get him to show his other part of his \ldblquote awesome\rdblquote  list...\par
3. FA010S telling another way to make the dragons.ShadowWangTang for telling me\par
a few new mixes. He also told me what the bouquet is used for because I forgot\par
:) Props08 for giving me yet even more mixes.\par
4. Mr. Black for give TONS AND TONS of mixes, thanks so much Mr. Black!\par
5. Ravenskate1 for a few mixes.\par
\par
And a few more people I may have forgotten to put here.\par
Since this is such a big list I have decided to put the rest of the people here\par
without descriptions of what they did because they all gave me mixes and so it\par
is not needed to show what everyone did. Thanks to the people above and:\par
PokeFan200, Sykotic99.\par
\par
_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-\par
(His list was a guide, but nevertheless his list was a big help and I used his\par
list so I give him credit for it.) Tell me if I am wrong about some of these\par
things and you will be credited on this list as well.\par
_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-\par
\par
(c) Copyright 2001 Jeremy Bennetch\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Power Stone 2: Item List by JBennetch\par
Version: 1.36 | Last Updated: 2001-01-14 | View/Download Original File Hosted by \par
Return to Power Stone 2 (DC) FAQs & Guides\par
}
 